Today is the debut
of YG's newest girl group in seven years.
Introducing BLACKPINK!
Please give it up for BLACKPINK!
Hello, we're BLACKPINK!
- BLACKPINK!
-BLACKPINK!
Congratulations, BLACKPINK.
BLACKPINK!
Seeing so many people love our music
motivates us
to try something new and different.
Why is that delay
so strong right now?
Can you bring it down a bit?
Push it forward a bit.
Hello!
Awesome!
I should've had a nap today.
-I'll slap your wrist. Sleepy right?
-I didn't get a nap.
Better?
It's addictive.
Should we re-record
certain parts of "Crazy Over You"?
Who thinks
they can nail their part in this song?
Oh, that scared me.
This is a three-member group
named Seo Taiji and Boys.
Please welcome them.
Powerful rhythm and flash dances
are the hallmarks of Seo Taiji's music.
They sing well, look cool, and dance well.
The interest in Korean pop music
is unusually high from foreigners.
How many do I have to pick?
You look naturally sexy!
-Really!
-You can't help yourself!
If we wear something,
we all try to see how it fits as a group,
but that's-- Well, it's case by case.
Shouldn't we make it
a bit tighter? What do you think?
-Because this side goes up.
- Mm-mm-mm.
Lisa has diverse tastes.
- What's this?
-Coachella.
I missed my note at the "eh."
See, this is why
we can't watch our old footage.
We're like,
"You missed your note at the 'eh',"
and, "I should've gone slower
at this part of the choreography,
but I did it too quickly."
We were so nervous…
Compared to other stages,
it was much more overwhelming
because we were so nervous.
For us, it was our first time
in a country we weren't familiar with.
I used to dream
of that day when we were trainees.
Jennie's personality?
At first, it was hard getting to know her,
but once we became close,
I could tell that she's very loyal,
very sweet, and a lovely friend.
I see her every day, so I'm used to her,
and she's like my little sister.
But when I see her on TV,
I'm like, "Ah, Jennie is a star,”
but she's really down-to-earth.
You're doing so well.
Slowly.
We're going to lift one leg up
and do an arabesque.
I understand English
better than when I began.
In the beginning,
my friends helped me a lot
and showed me their notes.
Now I can do it by myself.
Good work.
So pretty!
Oh, that’s really long ago.
I used to do a lot
of dark and strong songs.
So I often wonder,
"What am I doing right now?"
It's so different
from what I do now.
Wow!
- Your gestures!
- You're always so cool.
"Wow, there are people born to do this."
My role…
I'm a rapper and also the lead dancer.
Hello.
I love vintage clothes.
So wherever I go,
whether it be America or anywhere else,
I try to look for vintage shops.
This is  1.1 million.
-And this is  320,000.
-And this one?
That's  750,000.
This is  1.1 million?
Yes, because it's from the early '90s.
My mom manages my finances.
I was born in Thailand.
I was born in Buriram Province.
Then I moved to Bangkok when I was three.
My auntie had a music group,
so they had mic stands,
and I always played with them.
I would lower it
until it was the same height as me.
Then I would just dance
and sing to myself.
That was how my mom knew I loved dancing.
So she signed me up
for a course when I was in kindergarten.
This is behind the scenes.
That was how it all began.
She signed me up to many contests…
How long have you
been practicing break dancing?
For a long time.
I participated in a contest.
I was around 12 or 13 years old then.
Then a talent scout told me to try singing
and asked if I wanted to be a singer.
Then I realized
that I loved both singing and dancing.
And YG happened
to have an audition at the time.
So, I made a decision.
Is this an audition?
How many layers are you wearing?
Why are you wearing pants on top too?
-What is this?
- Oh, wow!
-Oh, my God.
- This is amazing.
Wow!
You look so cool.
I'm trying so hard to be cool.
After the audition ended…
…I waited for the call.
I was waiting and waiting.
I waited for the call.
I waited for two months!
And then they called me.
I was like, "What? Is this possible?"
I was a mama's girl.
So, when I had to go to Korea without Mom,
I felt that I had
to take care of myself now.
I didn't speak any Korean.
I only knew how to say "hello,"
so it really was a new start.
Fortunately, there was Jennie.
She was the only one
who could speak English
among the trainees.
I spoke English with her…
…and if something
were to happen, I would talk to her.
That's it.
You choose how to sing it
because we're all doing it differently.
A great thing with us
is everyone wants the best
for the group as a whole.
Okay.
Since we perform as a group,
we try to strike a balance
that works for everyone.
I think.
Sit here, Jisoo.
What do you think?
Do you think I'll be able to learn today?
I think it’ll be nice to learn
how to draw my eyebrows properly.
If you show me, I'll follow it.
-Okay.
-I'm learning from you today.
Do you teach makeup like this too?
- To regular people? Yes.
-Really?
-There are classes for that?
-Of course!
I should've taken
those classes then.
There are people
who come to learn BLACKPINK makeup.
-BLACKPINK makeup?
-Yes.
When I was younger,
my relatives treated me
like an outcast because I was ugly.
What?
They called me a monkey.
It's okay. You're the prettiest one now.
I grew up in Sanbon
in Gunpo city, Gyeonggi-do region.
I lived with my parents,
my sister, my brother,
and my grandparents.
I'm living a very different life
than the one I thought I'd be living.
I used to want to be a writer
or a painter.
Although, I couldn't paint well.
And then I joined
the drama club in 11th grade.
Should I try acting?
They were saying
I should start auditioning for stuff
because I needed the experience.
My first audition was at YG.
I didn't know much at all about YG
before I arrived there the first day.
It felt like something
far removed from me.
I never thought
I'd actually be doing it for real.
How about now?
Do you think I really lost my baby fat?
Back then, it was more baby-like here…
I guess I'll just have to eat ramen
before I sleep tonight.
Maybe then you'll get your old self back.
No, you're perfect right now.
Anyways, you were like a baby back then.
But you're different from back then, too.
-
-You have your own shop!
Who told you to open your own shop?
Say it! Who told you to?
You did.
It was my big plan.
And I'm still planning big things.
I think that
there are very few who truly think,
"This is what I have to do.
This is my path."
People like that are really lucky.
I don't think there are many like that.
She brought a guitar
from Australia, and I was like,
"Play something for us."
- It's really pretty.
- Wow!
Here, stand here.
After my Korean classes
on the fifth floor,
I took the elevators to the basement.
And there was this girl
with short hair, tied back.
It was kind of awkward.
-I was nervous.
-I'm sure you were nervous.
I was like, "Oh! A new girl?"
I was like… so wary of competition.
- Right. Competition.
-Competition, it's so competitive.
We were the same age,
and we had similar tastes.
Since we both came from another country,
we relied on each other
when we were having a hard time.
We become like two peas in a pod.
We were like genuine twins.
And during our days off,
we'd always be together.
Was it hard for you?
When I was having a hard time,
I'd look at Rosé, and she'd be the same.
For me, there were
so many lessons in the beginning.
I took three to four dancing lessons a day
and practiced.
I had vocal lessons
from two to three teachers.
It was a rough time.
For that,
we'd have to plan everything ourselves,
but we each had a role.
If someone was in charge of vocals,
we'd give them that role,
but I always took on
the role of the dancer.
So I'd always design the choreography.
Every month! Literally every month
for five years.
After a monthly review,
you would be graded.
You had those who got an A,
those with Bs and those with Cs.
I rarely went home
and had to practice on the weekends.
So my parents
were quite upset and worried.
But they're not really…
the protective, overbearing type,
and they knew
this was something that I had to do,
so they told me
to stay strong and get it done.
I started a bit later than the others,
so I was able to make memories
with friends and go to school.
I consider it a blessing now.
Waiting was the hardest part.
I didn't think I would make it.
I was on the verge of letting it go.
I'd ask myself,
"Do you want to give up
because it's not easy?"
I had to keep fighting.
I had to give it my all.
"I don't care how long
the training will take."
"Bring it on!
I don't care about that anymore!"
We were evaluated together,
and the four of us did screen tests
and recorded demos together.
It happened naturally.
We just clicked.
When you're working in a group,
everyone has their place and a role.
And when everyone settles
into their roles,
that's how synergy is born.
That realization changed my outlook.
When everyone is where they need to be,
big things can happen.
Teddy felt like a CEO to us.
If somebody did something
with Teddy or met with Teddy…
…it was considered
to be a big deal.
I didn't know much about him.
I knew he was a 1TYM member.
The first time we met was when--
When I was a trainee.
Meeting you
was like the final stage of the debut.
You were the final boss.
If we meet you, we get to debut.
You're right.
Oppa, do you remember…
how we had to record
that whistling sound 1,000 times?
YG Entertainment is expected
to showcase its first new girl group
in seven years since 2NE1 debuted.
Under the direction of producer Teddy,
this new group is being prepared.
Its members and debut songs
have been shrouded in secrecy.
I'm shaking!
-So shaky!
-
"Various… diverse colors…"
How does it go?
Hello everyone.
I'm BLACKPINK's Rosé.
Hello everyone. I'm BLACKPINK's Jennie.
Hello everyone.
I'm BLACKPINK's Jisoo.
Hello everyone. I'm BLACKPINK's Lisa.
Uh… after training
with my members all this time
and finally being able
to debut on this stage,
I'm nervous and excited.
In the future,
we will work hard to show everyone
BLACKPINK's unique colors.
Please love us!
Thank you!
…I think it happened
just the way I thought it would.
I look intense.
Hello.
I can't wait. Can you tell us
who's performing next?
Two of their songs
debuted exclusively at Inkigayo last week
and could be number one!
Shall we see the performance
of BLACKPINK,
the hottest rookies right now?
-Music…
-…start!
YG's new girl group, BLACKPINK,
has reached number one
only 14 days after their debut,
which is the shortest time ever
by a girl group to reach number one.
I remember making our debut
and winning awards.
And feeling like, "Wow! We did it."
"Whistle" kept going up and up,
and when it hit number one,
we were just so happy and excited.
Honestly, I think I was most surprised
when "Whistle" reached number one
on the music charts.
That was the most exciting.
I remember we were…
…in a practice room
when we heard the news
that we were number two.
I kept on checking and checking,
but we had to go to practice.
We'd check every hour.
And then someone came in
and said, "Oh, my God!"
I remember my friends
telling me that they heard it.
They were like, "I'm outside,
and they're playing your song!"
It felt really weird back then.
I was like, "Oh, my God, that's so cool!
Shoot a video! Send me the video!"
Their dance is so powerful.
When their music is played,
you just instantly start dancing.
You can see they love
what they are doing and are born to do it.
When I was a trainee,
nobody knew about me.
But after I debuted as BLACKPINK,
everyone would follow me
no matter where I went.
I didn't know
that we would become this famous.
Three hours.
- Clear in front.
- Everybody get out.
Everybody look into the camera.
Then came the pressure for our next thing.
"What now? What do we do?"
"Let's come up with something fresh."
I felt like we were being chased.
Welcome, BLACKPINK!
Thank you! I love you all!
I still remember the first time…
I went back to Thailand after my debut.
Because Thai teens see me
as a Thai who has made it this far.
They would say, "I want to be like Lisa."
WELCOME HOME LISA
WE MISSED YOU
But at that moment,
I wasn't sure if I was really good enough
to be their role model.
I'm a singer…
but I didn't know
what kind of singer I wanted to be.
I kind of lost the goal.
I was trying to find myself.
Could I really become their role model?
What should I do to not let them down?
These kinds of thoughts
kept running through my mind.
You like this too.
Tanghulu is different.
Tanghulu has
the sweetness of the fruits.
The ratio is a little off
because we haven't made it in a while.
-There was too much sugar.
-It's a bit burnt.
-It still looks delicious.
-Yeah.
We almost started a fire once.
-We were making too much.
-Yeah, we almost burnt it.
We almost made
this dorm disappear.
- How is it?
-Mm.
Is it good? I want a taste.
It's warm.
It's a bit burnt.
No. We didn't add any water.
-What are you talking about?
-No, you don't add water.
Unnie! You add water.
You add water? No, you don't add water.
What am I going to do about you?
Nothing works without me.
It's like--
Other places don't have it.
When I first came to train as a singer,
I had never tried
singing or dancing before.
I was lost, but you taught me a lot.
For two of us, it was--
The competition was fierce at the time.
There were about 20 to 30 trainees.
Because we are
the older ones of the group,
the others came to us
with the issues they were having.
I knew what their problems were.
They'd ask us, "Unnie, what should we do?"
And I'd advise them to speak their mind,
but they have a hard time doing that,
so I end up taking care of it.
There's no doubt
I feel a sense of responsibility.
I try the best I can
to take care of the other girls.
Semi-success.
♪ After two, three o’clock… ♪
♪ When I call you ♪
♪ And when you see my call… ♪
Something like that.
-I think it's fine.
-I want to hide right now.
-No.
-I don't think I can do this.
Kuma!
I have so many clothes,
but there's not enough space,
so I keep them on the balcony.
Don't we have to pack
for the event in Japan?
You have to bring
something like this. It's cold.
-Bring a scarf too.
-Oh, I don't have a scarf!
-Give me one.
-You are funny.
-I can't.
That's not a scarf.
It is so tiring when we work,
but when we don't work,
I get stressed out about not working.
I think it's that. It's a dilemma.
When we work, I really want to rest,
but when we don't work,
I end up wondering, "What am I doing?"
This job has a lot of ups and downs.
There's nothing we can do about it.
It's very random,
and there's no regularity.
The thing is, you can never tell
how long this will last,
so estimating is impossible.
That's most challenging.
I think we were together for three years
before we went on the world tour.
We started the world tour in Asia,
but Coachella marked the start
of our tour in North America.
And blow them kisses here and stuff,
because you're coming out
during the chorus before you kiss.
Oh, the next chorus?
You're coming out
during the chorus before you kiss.
You want me
to come out before that chorus?
Come out slowly and play here.
It was getting boring
when you stay out there for too long.
A much more diverse group of fans
will be looking forward to seeing us.
Whether it be
"Playing With Fire" or "Boombayah"…
you don't look like
you're dancing hard enough.
-We're not dancing hard enough?
-Not hard enough.
The audience needs
to be mesmerized by your energy, up close.
I know that you guys know the dance well,
but put in a bit more effort.
Jisoo, you need to get the notes right.
You messed up
on the rhythm before, right? Too fast?
I practiced with MR
for the first time when I got here.
The notes are
a bit unstable when you first go in.
But we shouldn't have said that on camera.
Hey…
They'll never air this.
The media says
that K-pop queens have landed.
Girl group BLACKPINK heat up
their first world tour stop, Thailand.
It's special to have a concert
in Lisa's hometown.
This is the first concert
where BLACKPINK has been able
to meet our Thai fans.
We will do our very best
and will not disappoint the BLINKS.
I want to give a performance
that I can look at and be content with.
My focus is leaving the stage
having given a performance
I have no regrets about.
So when I get out there,
I'm thinking, "Don't mess this up."
"You've got to nail this."
Everything was new to me on my first tour.
It was so great
to meet so many fans around the world.
- It feels like it's sprained.
-Is it worse on this side?
I’m going to eat it without ketchup.
I'm hungry,
so I ordered something simple.
Delicious.
If someone is fed up one day…
…she makes that person laugh.
She keeps us energized.
…I think I overreact a lot.
Or I tend to try
to bring too much positivity
when the mood is sour.
Because it's such a big festival,
when I was told that we were going,
I couldn't believe it.
Is this for real?
Look over there!
Since we don't have much time…
I was so nervous because I didn't know
how our American fans would react.
I was so sick.
That was the sickest I've ever been.
My back was killing me. It hurt to move.
-I was pretty worried.
-We were very worried.
Break a leg.
We're following Coachella.
When I got onto that stage,
I actually didn't realize
that there were so many people.
Why are there so many people?
I don't know.
There are so many people.
- We can do it.
- We can do it. It's fine.
One, two, three! Go!
Jennie and Rosé, that way.
Water, water, water!
Eye drops, somebody!
Relax.
We're starting now!
I was so nervous.
The moment I stepped foot on the stage
and saw all the crowds
shouting and cheering…
…I got the feeling, "This is it!"
All races and all kinds
of people came together there.
So it helped emphasize…
It makes me feel that…
I had chosen the right path.
This was what
I really wanted to do in my life.
After Coachella, I think I figured out
how to have fun on stage.
Don't concentrate on just yourself,
but feed off this passion
raging around you.
It doesn't matter if we grow old
and get replaced
by a new younger generation.
As long as there is still
someone talking about us.
Because they will still remember
how we shone so bright.
I don't cry.
I don't cry. I cry last.
Watch your step. Be careful.
Good work!
Bye!
A fan?
Meat, meat!
Careful of the hot plate.
- That looks amazing!
- Can I have a bite?
- Do you know us?
-Yes.
-Weren't you here before?
- Yes, that's right.
-We were here when we were trainees.
- Yes, you guys ate here.
-I remember.
- I've been here since the start.
I didn't give you good service.
Really?
Is that why you're so nice now?
Yes. I hope you enjoy the food.
- Thank you.
Totally.
Halsey contacted me all of a sudden.
She was at Paris?
- I want to live in Paris.
-Me too! For a year.
-We will stay for a year.
- You're Parisian already.
After a year, I'd like to go to the US.
I want to live in Paris, but I also want
to live in the US and England.
Twenty years?
I feel like Lisa
would be traveling around the world.
…I think we'd all be married.
We'd have babies by then.
Forty-two, 44…
We'll have children?
If not,
we could also get married later in life.
We'll be freshly married?
No newborns!
Aren't we going to make a comeback?
At that age?
BLACKPINK!
We'll injure our backs!
I don't think we'll be able to dance.
We'll have to stand.